welcome to Scrapyard Wars where Luke and
I compete to build the best computer on
a fixed budget we get to play with an
enormous
$800 including a hundred bucks to spend
on whatever we want from our sponsor
Jawa you're not building just a computer
you're doing a full gaming setup oh so
like monitor keyboard mouse yes desk
chair desk at the end of the week our
setups will be put through the ultimate
Gauntlet to find out who wins scrapyard
Wars
[Music]
first deal am I going to get away with
this the voice you have to change the
voice
sorry
hello um so we're yeah we're here to
pick up the
PC yeah you can come in oh thank you
very much um yeah it's upstairs it's
there just like photos I'll log in you
guys can take a look around make sure it
works okay thank you great I'm going to
have to take most of those drives out
okay yeah no problem should be good to
go thank you very much we can just wait
outside if that works for you I'll just
wait
here hello
hi no problem take your time you seem
pretty good with those machines uh yeah
I've had a bit of practice here and
there how do you find this that's a cool
screwdriver yeah it is pretty nice I
actually use it today to change an oil
filter on my car prettyy oh where you
get it uh from a guy called
LS hi mango your name is mango right
sorry he's a door to door salesman or no
just online YouTube actually kind of
looks like
you yeah I
one do you have the
cash thank you so 1 2 3 400 thank you
very much one question for you when did
you figure out who we were um I saw your
car in the background unfortunately and
it's a very distinct rap but the deal
was not affected by real okay didn't
really know until you guys kind out here
on the car outside okay tell me would
you be able to tell I think the eyes are
kind of a dead
giveaway that's my makeup artist right
there we we hired a a professional from
the industry to come in and uh that's
the shtick this season it's a nice
screwdriver you got there yeah it's been
pretty good I haven't lost anything
thankfully that's okay there's bits
available from from where from LT LTT
store.com that's right you better
believe it yeah you know what's funny we
were like we saw the screwdriver he
brought it out in the Box I was like M
yeah how's the screwdriver that looks
cool and then he was like yeah it kind
of looks like you I was like we got
busted you know what as long as it
doesn't affect the deal then it's legal
yo that's pretty good do you want to
know the best part they were literally
across the street from the labs building
what I literally got in the truck and
just
went boom and they were like oh you're
from lonus right I'm like yep it's free
though cuz we already agreed to free
beforehand the deal was already made the
deal was made I don't want us to be
cheating but yeah there's a little bit
of sus stuff there's sound proofing on
the underneath of it and there's a bunch
of like white splatters we can clean it
yeah oh yeah yeah yeah no black lights
one of the guys agreed to $500 for 3080
that leaves us with
$194 there's a decent amount of systems
available at around that price usually
i5s i7s around like 7th eth gen power
supply is going to be our issue some of
these Brands I've never heard of so that
does sketch me a little bit you know
what's not sketchy though buying from
Jawa Jawa is an online Marketplace for
buying and selling new and used
computers and parts and Jawa vets their
verified sellers to make sure they're
providing the community with top deals
and service and best of all you're
protected every time you make a purchase
through the Jawa moneyback guarantee
check them out using the link in the
description and enter their scrapyard
Wars giveaway more on that later bye if
they're like 7 years old throwing a 3080
on it might be a little
o because of the big spikes right it
does but if we have three of them it's
redundancy Each pie power connector is a
different power
supply would that be three power
supplies and then one for the
motherboard one for the drive so we end
up buying like five power
supplies we go get a power bar and it's
just part of the build you you have to
have this power he's going to look at
the computer at the end he's be like why
are there five power cables coming off
of this uh
I just don't I don't know if it
works everyone is saying don't do it in
forums but nobody's saying you
can't the one we're getting recommends a
750 watt yeah but for a system with one
in it like how much power draw is just a
3080 taking uh 320 watt according to
Zotac site so we could get away with
like a 400 watt you can't no way why no
no I'm just saying just a 400 just for
the GPU yeah yeah yeah yeah this we we
are fairly committed to multiple power
supp we also need to be ready to kill
our babies and move on from this idea
Tom am I allowed to drink it's hard
though um just move the out of the way
you got it all right should we have a
look at what we scored okay yeah cuz I
never got a close look at it cuz I was
pretending to not know what's going on
confused okay we're just going to pull
over right here so we have a full system
basically without storage right six core
processor 16 gigs Ram this GPU is going
to go cuz we bought that one on job
already so what that means is Sammy we
need to start creating listings for any
of this stuff that we are not going to
keep okay like now cuz we got to sell
this stuff I didn't tell you this but
I'm $80 over
budget right now okay the good news is
the total stuff that we're buying for
$780 right is about
$1,150 worth of stuff okay however we're
probably going to have to sell it soon
so we have to undercut ourselves and so
we have to sell it for less than 1,00
bucks
[Applause]
yeah how do you want to do division of
labor here uh you take it out and I can
make the listing look pretty okay you
might have to dilate that a little so do
you want to grab pictures then y uh the
ram we're keeping I don't think we can
afford this cooler the other system has
a stock cooler so we're going to use
that instead do do you do you so shme do
you you you got this she's got this I
just want to get these listings up as
soon as as possible because coming in
under budget at all is reliant on us
selling at least some of it oh God this
is definitely dirtier than I initially
realized no judgment though no judgment
okay are you ready to take the next
picture yeah okay do you want to grab
this oh my God a snake kidding
kidding okay so this GPU is going to go
let's get the back panel off here youve
man hands can you hold this yeah should
oh you know what we should do though we
should clean the goop off the bottom
make it shinier oh no don't touch that
it'll get all over your hands forever
should we post it right away or can we
wait until I clean it up and make it
look nicer no no we're going to clean it
up right now we got this don't even trip
okay
hi sorry yep technically legal what
we're doing a little weird but legal
weird yes there's also dust on the
outside I'm working on
it any luck is it working no you're
breathing it all in next time you drink
water it'll tastes like dirt so let's
put that on the dirty side okay she kind
of cleans up pretty decent here yep oh I
guess I'll probably write the posts or
you know what I can help you wait do you
get carick no nice so I can dictate when
we're in the car and you can post okay
we got this hey wao wao wo we ended up
with a hard drive that I wasn't
expecting oh uh I told them we'd give it
back to him if we found any storage oh
for crying out loud it's the biggest one
bloody hell Daniel that was his name
right yep this power supply we're
keeping so there's no point extracting
all of this yet but the case is going to
go I think I have enough photos I think
this like on the Porsche logo yeah but
then if if we try to get a better price
they'll be like you don't need that
money yeah that and if Luke sees it
he'll know it's us yeah we can bait Luke
and then ghost him that's the best it's
not actually about saving money first
I'm going to clean this CPU this CPU is
going to go we've got another one that's
almost exactly the same it actually
boosts a little lower but it's a weird
4500 that most people don't seem to have
heard of so they're going for a lot less
so I'd rather take the small performance
hit and get the most money back possible
this CPU is one of the most liquid
things we have it should be really easy
to move okay do you feel ridiculous yet
yes good that means you're doing it
right hold on we might want to do this
but this would be the sketchiest
possible they have LT Edition knock to a
fans it would be very hard for them to
not recognize us Duke and what was it
young mic or
whatever what is it what is it AMD ryzen
54500 oh it's only a 430 W power supply
do you think if we say hey no hard drive
no Quadro no power supply maybe in a
case no
case I mean you could go for it just be
like 125 bucks posted 18 days ago that's
a long time ago why isn't it selling
that's one stick of
memory maybe that's why people aren't
buying it but like maybe the guy's
willing to take the ram out too like hey
brother we really just need the
motherboard and
CPU everything else can go away honestly
we don't need the
GPU hello we're back you forgot your
hard drive yeah I was looking for it in
there and I couldn't find it it was in
the hard drive sled you don't happen to
have the mounting hardware for that CPU
Cooler for like other sockets oh I do
and since I'm at it the motherboard box
as well do you have the motherboard
accessories I have both of those all
right success awesome see you later have
a good one man that worked out great oh
look at that we've got thermal compound
and everything we appear to have the
full complement of mounting hardware for
our cooler let's take a photo of our
combo
okay oh my good okay we still got to get
the case just going to do a quick wipe
down don't worry we got this it'll be
worth it when we see Luke's crying face
at the end he'll cry real tears
interesting take on a friendship look if
you can't Delight in the tears of your
friends then you know really what is
there in life a lot of other things like
food but imagine if you could season
your food with Luke's tears this is the
best place to do this there is no better
method also the fact that lonus had his
LTT keychain out oh yeah that did did
not help do we have everything we need
oh son of a
gun
Daniel I feel bad but I really need the
modular cables from this power supply
hello we're sorry thank you very much
thank you so much sorry to be a pain in
the butt I promise not to knock on your
door again I'll ring the bell okay it's
older but it has more cores and more
threads it's a ryzen 7700 so it's first
gen ryzen that's pretty good but it
comes with the motherboard 16 gigs of
RAM that's pry 750 W power supply that's
amazing no GPU nor storage that's fine
170 that's amazing it's a it's 3.7 GHz
turbo at 8 cores 16 threads do you think
they're going to have eight cores
they'll probably beat us on CPU I don't
feel like they're going to they might I
don't feel if they're going to get a
3080 this was listen 4 days ago and he
says he's unable to test it
unfortunately but like 170 and that
gives us the rest of the system cuz it's
16 gigs of RGB Ram bro it's good I don't
think it's necessarily the best thing we
could possibly find this other system
that I found where we'd have to like
hopefully get them to take some things
out of it like the quadro and stuff
which is way less likely yeah would be
better but it's less likely this one
sounds pretty realistic like even if he
didn't take a deal with us yeah it works
cuz it's the whole still in our budget
too so we should start moving on that
this guy's in kitum do you want me to
lowball him or do you want me to say hey
before I lowball I always open with is
this available I can pick it up either
tomor basically be like I'm committed I
can come to you and get it I'm not I'm
not one of those people asking for
delivery and I have cash I can give you
now our success hinges on selling some
of the components that we bought cuz
we've got a lot of duplicates in our
first two deals so Sammy is working on
getting all of our posts up on Facebook
marketplace right now we're going to
land back at the office and she's going
to have about half an hour more
overlapping with me where we can kind of
plan out the rest of her night and then
she gets another 3 hours so she's going
to go pick up our next deal pretty much
right away when we get back and then
dude I have no idea beyond that Sammy
We're going to have to figure that out
yeah oh you can monitor if people want
to buy our stuff the guy on the 13080
wants to pick it up after 6:00 p.m.
tomorrow which doesn't work we were
supposed to deliver the systems to Labs
at 600 p.m. can we get after 600 p.m.
today that is then for sure locking Us
in to this and we're like we're we're in
deep brother that means tomorrow is
going to yeah but we we would have some
time to find another system before then
sure okay can I pick it up today okay uh
title Corsair carbide
275r computer case I would go gaming
case or yeah oh yeah PC or computer is
probably there a search right yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah so gaming PC computer
case yep let's go full SEO baby
let's go the dude wants you to pick up
the 380 at 6:15 p.m. today yeah that's
fine I can do it are we committing to it
are we committing to it 3080 oh man I
think this decision is going to make or
break if we win scrap your Wars right
now yeah hi I have other people offering
full price can you do 200 an hour ago oh
my second deal backed off on the $20
discount I suspect the other person
offering full price is Luke it's a
really really good deal I'm a little
surprised he found it though but at this
point I'd rather pay the extra 20 bucks
knowing that I'll just have to sell a
little bit more and know that he's not
getting that deal it's a really good
deal okay we got to focus in pretty hard
on finding a system because right now we
actually have no leads that have
responded this guy's selling a ryzen 5
3600 for 65 bucks but just the CPU so
it's like we need to find you can find
the rest of the platform let's go I
found a motherboard for $100 20 which
would put us at $185 so we need $10 for
Ram and power supply like maybe if I
talk them down we'll get lucky but the
guy who listed the CPU listed it 4
minutes ago message him try to talk him
down it's worth it's worth we don't have
anything right now we got to chase
everything we possibly can we got an uh
hit on our listing which one which one
on the CPU already they're friends with
18 people including your wife on
Facebook wait it's Luke Duke Maro yeah
it's Luke what a piece of nice try Luke
yeah got him oh okay I messaged the CPU
guy and I said hey I have cash and can
pick up tomorrow he just responded with
nice try Luke wait but now he knows it's
us oh yeah maybe we shouldn't have said
that his name is John who is this guy
wait John stuck isn't that lius isn't
that lonus his name he saw it unlucky we
should have wasted his time oh that
sucks I thought we had a real bite how
is I wonder if he doesn't even have it
yet and he's like pre-listing it hi John
buyer name would you take 40 cash for
this for the CPU 40 bucks I can reply
with 55 what did we list it for uh 65 do
you want to check what the other
listings for the 3600 are on Facebook
Marketplace cuz I think we're already
the lowest other people are listing it
for 60 let's offer him 50 we can do 50
yeah well don't say we oh
oh what is check Facebook Messenger
check Facebook Messenger which one which
one which one check Facebook Messenger
holy sh
dude we're back in it brother let's go
okay so that was the guy who had the
ryzen
7700 and a 750 W power supply and 16
gigs of RAM for 170 for 170 bucks
meaning we will have 25 bucks as wiggle
room to do like dude at 1700 so good I
think it's good it's a little old got
another bite on the Corsair case I
thought the case was going to be hard to
sell you must have taken great photo
Sammy yes maybe the Duke should have
chosen to be a king then he would have a
crown are you going to be Fielding
messages all night selling this stuff
cuz like I can't believe how active
these posts are it's it can't be real I
can reply to multiple people at the same
time got that Zoomer energy love it do
you just sell CPU GPU and in case or do
you have motherboard too yeah I got a
motherboard we have a motherboard too no
we sorry I can more or less guarantee
you they'll have a better processor are
they going to have a better GPU I mean
they do have a better processor right
now they have 3600 and they're selling
it them selling a processor has me
pretty concerned all right well well
hold on so what all is he interested in
can we add it up because it occurred to
me with how we're kind of pricing things
according to how it is on Facebook and
then like discounting a bit I don't
actually know for sure that we're making
money like I haven't checked you know
this listing is being reviewed did
someone like report it did Luke report
it that would be quite the move I'm
worried they're going to make the
benchmarks like super lame like really
heavy like storage and CPU based which
like no one will ever do or use or care
about you guys in the comments can show
how upset you are you would want a 3080
right right right and you can have it if
you want a shot at that 3080 and Luke's
entire system you're going to want to
check out jawwa giveaway campaign for
scrapyard Wars every week they'll have
new prizes to give away including Jawa
gift cards a pre-built gaming PC with a
4080 super and some super secret prizes
to be revealed later so go get entered
using the link in the description got to
go yeah wait we may not have actually
uhoh this may not be smart maybe that's
why so many people are messaging us
though maybe our pricing is a little bit
uh too low a little stressed this may
have just been an exercise in doing the
math swapping cash back for cash okay
we'll be fine though we'll be fine let's
get the 1,700 that power supply alone is
for our whole system let's just send it
you want to pick that up tonight if
possible yeah so like 6:15 is the the
GPU where was the GPU did the guy get
back to you I don't know oh he hasn't
responded after you sent that 20 minutes
ago do you think he's faking selling
stuff he he just read it right now I
watched him so I should I just ask him
if he wants me to pick it up now I say I
got off work early I Pi up now okay so I
need to do that yeah I got off work
early I can go pick it up now I'm doing
a lot of driving I'm driving all the way
to Richmond to pick up a 3080 I'm then
driving all the way to quam to pick up
that uh ryzen 7 system I need to go ask
ACC counting to break this into 20s cuz
I don't really want to show up and be
like do you have 30 yo brother I got
Hondos
yeah day two starting I got the GPU
yesterday and I got the full tower the
guy did recognize me which was fun the
haircut didn't work you were still okay
with 170 though that's what you agreed
on so I'm not using my influence to get
a Deal rules Tech tips I never thought
this day would come and we bought it for
literally what he listed it at yeah cuz
we suck at bargaining we haven't tested
it yet we're going to test the GPU in
the computer make sure it works we have
$25 left we still need to get keyboard
mouse mouse pad and chair we really need
to verify the TPU works yeah how'd it go
the seller from Craigslist they haven't
responded so I tried texting them again
hopefully they'll reply they're not
replying to me and I text so I went and
I sat in his Lobby and kept emailing him
hi I'm here and then eventually I picked
it up we have it right here I didn't get
to like plug it in cuz we were in the
lobby otherwise I sat there and I hit
refresh until 9:00 p.m. all night to see
if we got more messages didn't really
get many so I'm a little worried about
selling right now we need to buy more
stuff before we can even sell anything
though we don't even have storage oh so
we're going to pick up storage at around
11:20 and we're going to pick up a
keyboard at 11: we still need a mouse
and monitor and a desk and a chair a
desk desks are free we just have to find
one where the person is available so
here's our 3080 it's quite dusty but the
guy told me he like just pulled it out
of his computer to go do the sale so I'm
hoping that's accurate oh oh crap is it
long
enough okay it's a snug fit but it does
fit in the computer case that I'm not
worried about we can always make things
fit the power supply that it comes with
I opened it up it's 750 bronze from
thermal take we're pushing the limits
here on like if this GPU is going to be
fine didn't even realize we bought such
new hardware still has the plastic peel
on look at that brand new case basically
Andy would be disappointed I peeled it
but you know what that's fine all right
let's power it on
oh okay switch was off let's power it
on it kicked off a lot of
[Music]
dust do you hear that I do that fan does
not sound healthy I think it's this
front one hey there you go there it is
ryzen 7700 8 core processor got our 16
gigs of RAM so our memory 2133 not the
fastest definitely not
that's pretty slow but you know what we
have
38 I found us a desk it's a solid wood
desk oh that guy lies that's not solid
wood I saw that one those are MDF desks
you know what at this point I uh think
we might just have to go with it though
can you throw in a chair yes but they
are old that is okay I mean we might as
well if we don't want it we can find
another one so I need to go get that
keyboard like now uh I should be done
very shortly it's 40 minutes away that's
gone up since I looked it up I can
message them okay I don't think we'll
make it in time for the SSD Linus I may
lose this one but damn it I'm going look
good doing it he said 1110 is the latest
he can do got to leave okay we got to go
then I'm coming okay now oh God we need
to get these products listed can I take
apart a computer in the back seat I
guess we're doing that hey look at that
this Nas build has one of those old LTT
Edition n ff12 fans oh hello good good
how are you good um I talked with my
boss are you available tomorrow by CH o
unfortunately no it would have to be
today that's the tech shop that we
called yesterday calling back I worry
that this place is going to know my
voice though cuz I've definitely called
you me do it what was your name L uh
Duke I think it should be fine okay
awesome thanks sorry for sorry for being
difficult here don't be sorry 11:30 this
morning okay great okay so we might have
some pretty major curveballs cuz that's
the shop and they could potentially have
keyboard mouse yes for us which would
save us the 10 bucks some audio thing
probably not but they would also
probably have ddr4 Ram so if we really
want to we could look at the speed and
go to 32 gigs or we could find faster
memory might also be a possibility for a
platform swap yeah this could like this
could really change dramatically change
things according to this board it says
it has an mvme slot I don't see it
though so I don't know if it's on the
back or under the GPU so I'm going to
pull this back out and take a quick look
oh yeah there it is okay cool I also am
going to take out the ram I want to see
what speed we have have on this just so
when we go look there maybe they have
faster or if they have similar we could
potentially go from 16 to 32 or
something a lot up in the air right now
so I took the ram out it actually does
support up to 3200 so we could just
enable XMP and hopefully get that full
performance much better than 21 33 or
whoever it was how are the listings
going I might have a buyer for a bunch
of stuff this name guy might want Ram
CPU case Mobo and GPU he's making me
kind of a low offer but um we are over
budget right now and we need some money
we just need the SSD we need a monitor
monitor that's the thing literally doing
the makeup on the way there this is
quite funny I love this right little bit
of balancing all right banking right
nice okay nice okay well we're here all
right I misspelled outside three times
okay well that's never matter how do I
look great never
better hi for the keyboard um I don't
have cash on me can i e transfer you at
all okay so it was $10 right and can I
take a look at the keyboard thank you do
you want to try it out do you think
you'll like this one they have the
WD
gamer okay thank you it's good okay
thank you uh let me know if you get it
or it should be sent sounds good yeah
thank you very much have a good day okay
thank you
I don't know he glanced at me a couple
times but I'm uh not sure if he
suspected anything uh I need the address
for the second place oh yeah for sure um
sorry yeah for sure and can you let them
know that we're on our way we'll be
there around
1125 hi this is Duke uh I'm on the road
now the current ETA is 1140 does that
still work uh yeah sure I'll let them
know you'll be there is your name Luke
or Duke
Duke Duke okay comes up as Luke so I was
like did I get your name wrong oh yeah
that's a weird thing with Facebook um I
actually changed my name quite a few
years back but Facebook sometimes just
doesn't it sends the old one I don't
know okay yeah I'll let them know you
said you're going to be there 11:40 okay
sounds good I never messaged them on
Facebook that's caller ID yep yeah yeah
I I was like no well we'll see how this
goes we're good yeah I'm just going to
powder
man buddy here wants
$250 for ryzen 3600 with cooler and
motherboard and the Corsair case and 8
gigs of RAM and the 1660 super and the
cx430 power supply that pretty much
leaves us with only like kind of
worthless stuff that's basically all we
can sell that puts us back in the green
though how much in the green by like 80
90 bucks I'm going to do 250 with the
cougar case I'm going to say final offer
so we keep the nice case from d Daniel y
it'd be nice to be able to move all this
to one person we don't have like a week
to dick around selling to half a dozen
different people where the hell is dunar
Community Center he wants us to go all
the way out to Vancouver that is in the
middle of nowhere I don't live in dunar
should I offer to come all the way to
dunar for an extra 10 bucks 10 15 15 I'm
being a fair guy I'm a fair guy oh man
we are bang on time for this guy let's
go what is this for
okay hello hello hi nice to meet you yes
this is John all right hi yes can I get
you to put in your e transfer no cash
only oh oh we have 100 I have a change
oh okay perfect so John I did test and
sent you the uh the screenshot of the
test did you see it on the messenger
yeah yeah okay thank you very much do
you want to give him the cash yeah any
much yes yes
that's I'm kind of in a rush to oh no
worries thank you very much thank you
have a great day okay thank you I'll
walk slower for you hi young lady I
um I don't think I got mated either the
last two no no I was like a little sus
cuz he like smiled a bit too much yeah I
think he was I think he was just
friendly hey Tom hey Tom right there
buddy all right rock on let's go all
right byebye let me find out if this
name guy if we got to deal with him have
we confirmed a time with the desk guy uh
he said anytime before 5 hell yeah
that's super flexible okay that helps a
lot where's he at uh somewhere in sui
okay beautiful beautiful oh you know
what we might pull this off all right so
we're almost at the computer shop I am
getting progressively more worried that
they're going to recognize me but I will
be going in with Lindsay uh who is my
sister yes okay yeah second Sister We're
yeah and we're building a computer for
our other sister's son our nephew Ryan
Yes uh who is seven here's the whole I
got to add in the the Hat this is the
full
Ensemble um which is not a word I will
be saying while we're inside a biker
would never say that word no I don't
think so yeah PA get up this is a get up
yeah this name PA offered $10 fee and
meet in the afternoon I think we might
have to take it I guess if that's the
best we got that's the best we got and
ruthless he's getting a great deal the
good news is his deal wasn't as good as
mine so I'm still out ahead let's go one
thing I will tell you about name no is
he is not getting these KN to a fans I'm
going to swap them out for the fans that
are in that other system I got five
knock to a fans in here he's getting
zero of them oh my God see I was afraid
of this our mass storage Sammy is going
to be a a mobile 2 and 1/2 in hard drive
look look at the little thing hello we
are here um I've got to leave you guys
behind now but we're going to we're
going to go in there and try to get her
done which is something he would say all
right so keyboard mouse desk pad
speakers speakers chair if they have a
chair uh you could get a second power
supply just in case if there's Ram
that's like similar speed or slow like
slightly slower but we can get more of
it that might also be better yeah yeah
okay and then platform swap if I don't
know they're recycling 11th gens or
something like you don't think they'll
have an AMD they never we never dealt
with AMD when we built the systems
unless they're recycling someone else's
computer that is AMD all right let me
try to hide the mics real quick yeah
make sure mics are hidden I'm like so
nervous I don't know why I'm not even
going in there and I'm I'm the nervous
one I'm wearing a wire
dude I think I'm just going to have one
wire coming down but I honestly don't
think they're going to notice it I think
him going in with Lindsay is actually
going to help a ton too okay cool Co see
you guys in a bit you ready yeah we'll
make it work yeah or we won't it'll be
funny either way my name's still Lindsay
right yeah yeah yeah
yeah we're still going to be okay but we
have to go like now no it's stuck on CPU
are you kidding me oh no no no no no
this is bad are you murdering innocent
civilians yes good that's a mentality we
need in scrapyard Wars Duke